You know, I'm totally off script right now. The green new deal, right? Darling, is the wind blowing today? I'd like to watch television, darling. Russia, please. If you can get us Hillary Clinton's emails, please. Russia, please. He asked Russia to go get the emails. We're going to look into his finance. I said, Where did that come from? He always talked about Russia. The Attorney Attorney General says, I'm going to recuse myself. And I said, Why the hell didn't he tell me that before I put him in Russia? Russia, Russia, russia. My wife said, you never spoke to anybody from Russia, darling? I said that's, right? President Trump is waiting for the Mueller report. He's bad. He's a bad, bad. He's a bad, bad guy. But you know what I like about this? Number one, I'm in love. And you're in love. We're all in love together. We've done something that nobody's ever done. Don, how you doing? Hey, Donnie. I love you, Donnie. For 35 years now, they call mr. President, sir, how are you? Trains to Hawaii. How do you get to Europe? We haven't figured that one out yet. We don't use airplanes anymore. Is doing well, except, of course, for the Never Trumpers, but they are on mouth to mouth resuscitation. You don't get rich by sitting behind a desk. So I didn't want to do that. And I'm in the White House and I was lonely. I said, let's go to Iraq. Okay. General Raisin cain. How fast, sir? We can have it totally finished in one week. I said one week. And yet I see senators that are there for 20 years. White hair. See, I don't have white hair. Yes, I agree with this. This speech should have been delivered one year from now. Not now, damn it. Because they're going to Grit together. They're going to say, you know, this guy's really laying for us. I should have saved the Pocahontas thing for another year. Instead, we believe in free speech, including online and including on campus. Today, I'm proud to announce that I will be very soon signing an executive order requiring colleges and universities to support free speech. If they want federal free church, who does this? Other countries say, Get the hell out of here. They will execute the baby after birth. Donald Trump should not, under any circumstances they're trying to take you out with bullshit, okay?